README.md, before:

# Solar System Showcase

## Description
A small website showing all the planets in the our solar system and other
entites that are within our system. Using react to make component and diffrent
pages with react hooks. The home page show what the website is and why it was made for, while
all the other pages give information on the planet a user has click on for
example earth. Each page gives a small fact and a small summary of the planet or
information on the planet. The information is currently mainly form
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page. There is a small bit of information from
https://www.nasa.gov/ and news articles from the google news api.

 ## Summary
 The website mainly utilizes react hooks to build and manage the data in the
 website. It also uses google new api to get article everytime a user reloads
 the page so a user will always news on space and anything space related.

 ## Images
 ![Home](https://github.com/JoseJ55/solar-showcase/blob/main/public/images/solarShowcaseMain.png?raw=true)

  ![Nav](https://github.com/JoseJ55/solar-showcase/blob/main/public/images/solarShowcaseNav.png?raw=true)

  ## Links
  https://solarsystem-9ca07.web.app/

  https://github.com/JoseJ55/solar-showcase

  https://newsapi.org/s/google-news-api

Commit message:

change heade rto use three js

README.md, after:

# Solar System Showcase

## Description
A minimized style website showing all the planets in the our solar system and other
entities that are within our system. Using react components to create different
pages with react hooks. Utilized tools like Three.js to also add 3D models to the website. 
The home page shows user a small sample of what the website means to accomplish, while
all the other pages give information on the planet a user has click on for
example earth. Each page gives a small facts and information along with a small summary of the planet or
information of the planet. The information is currently mainly form
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page. There is a small bit of information from
https://www.nasa.gov/ and news articles from the google news api.

 ## Summary
 The website mainly utilizes react hooks and Three.js to render and manage a minimal style website with data in the
 website. It also uses google news api to get article every time a user reloads
 the page so a user will always get news on space and anything space related.

 ## Images
 ![Home](https://github.com/JoseJ55/solar-showcase/blob/main/public/images/solarShowcaseMain.png?raw=true)

  ![Nav](https://github.com/JoseJ55/solar-showcase/blob/main/public/images/solarShowcaseNav.png?raw=true)

  ## Links
  https://solarsystem-9ca07.web.app/

  https://github.com/JoseJ55/solar-showcase

  https://newsapi.org/s/google-news-api
